{"id":"2ebad15c-c0ef-4c04-ba98-c5d98403a90c","name":"Sara Vilar","age":21,"year_of_study":"4th year","university":"Universitat Internacional de Catalunya (UIC)","interests":["Fintech","Blockchain","Cybersecurity","Productivity"],"preferred_role":"Design","experience_level":"Intermediate","hackathons_done":2,"objective":"I'm super stoked to be participating in this datathon! My goal is to soak up the vibes, learn from others, and have an absolute blast. I want to join in on as many events and workshops as I can, learn new skills and insights, and make friends with like-minded peeps. I'm more about having fun and making connections than about trying to win (although, I do love a good challenge!). My objective is to leave this datathon feeling refreshed, inspired, and with new friendships to look back on. Bring it on!","introduction":"Hi there! I'm Sara, and I'm super excited to be here at the datathon. As a university student, I'm always looking for new challenges and ways to learn. I've got a background in programming and love fiddling with coding - whether it's building something new or just solving problems. I'm all about creative solutions and finding innovative ways to get things done. Outside of code, you can find me exploring fintech, blockchain, and cybersecurity. I'm looking forward to meeting other curious and ambitious folks and having an amazing time here at the datathon!","technical_project":"One project that really got me excited was building a personal finance tracker using Flask and MongoDB! I love fintech, and being able to create something that actually helps people manage their finances was super rewarding. I built a simple app that allowed users to track their expenses, income, and even set budgets for themselves. The best part was learning how to work with MongoDB, which was a new experience for me. It was amazing to see the project come together, and now I actually use it to track my own finances!","fun_fact":"Hey there! When I'm not coding, I love to belt out my favorite rock ballads in the shower. My friends even call me the 'Queen of Shower Riffs.' Nothing gets me pumped up like a little Ariana Grande and some foggy mirrors","availability":{"Saturday morning":true,"Saturday afternoon":true,"Saturday night":false,"Sunday morning":true,"Sunday afternoon":true},"interest_in_challenges":["Mango Challenge","Restb.ai Challenge","AED Challenge"]}
